"Comma quirk irks Rogers"  https://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/comma-quirk-irks-rogers/article1101686/

"The £8.8m typo: how one mistake killed a family business"  https://www.theguardian.com/law/shortcuts/2015/jan/28/typo-how-one-mistake-killed-a-family-business-taylor-and-sons

"The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint"  https://www.inf.ed.ac.uk/teaching/courses/pi/2016_2017/phil/tufte-powerpoint.pdf

"Understanding the Tragic Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse"  https://interestingengineering.com/culture/understanding-hyatt-regency-walkway-collapse

--- --- ---

For each case, do the following:
    1. Determine the rhetorical situation. Who is communicating to whom about what, how, and why? What was the goal of the communication in each case?
    2. Identify the communication error.
    3. Explain what the costs/losses were.
    4. Identify possible solutions or strategies that could have prevented the problem, and what benefits would be derived from implementing soultions or preventing the problem.

Case 1: The promising chemist who buried his results
    Bruce, a research chemist for a major petro-chemical company, wrote a
    dense report about some new compounds he had synthesized in the laboratory
    from oil-refining by-products. The bulk of the report consisted of tables
    listing their chemical and physical properties, diagrams of their molecular
    structure, chemical formulas and data from toxicity tests. Buried at the end
    of the report was a casual speculation that one of the compounds might be a
    particularly safe and effective insecticide.

    Seven years later, the same oil company launched a major research program to
    find more effective but environmentally safe insecticides. After six months of
    research, someone uncovered Bruce’s report and his toxicity tests. A few hours
    of further testing confirmed that one of Bruce’s compounds was the safe, 
    economical insecticide they had been looking for.

    Bruce had since left the company, because he felt that the importance of his
    research was not being appreciated.

Case 2: The rejected current regulator proposal
    The Acme Electric Company worked day and night to develop a new current regulator
    designed to cut the electric power consumption in aluminum plants by 35%. They knew
    that, although the competition was fierce, their regulator could be produced more
    affordably, was more reliable, and worked more efficiently than the competitors’ products.

    The owner, eager to capture the market, personally but somewhat hastily put together
    a 120-page proposal to the three major aluminum manufacturers, recommending that the new
    Acme regulators be installed at all company plants.

    She devoted the first 87 pages of the proposal to the mathematical theory and engineering
    design behind his new regulator, and the next 32 to descriptions of the new assembly line
    she planned to set up to produce regulators quickly. Buried in an appendix were the test
    results that compared her regulator’s performance with present models, and a poorly drawn
    graph showed the potential cost savings over 3 years.

    The proposals did not receive any response. Acme Electric didn’t get the contracts, despite
    having the best product. Six months later, the company filed for bankruptcy.

Case 3: The instruction manual scared the customers away
    As one of the first to enter the field of office automation, Sagatec Software, Inc. had built
    a reputation for designing high-quality and user-friendly database and accounting programs for
    business and industry. When they decided to enter the word-processing market, their engineers
    designed an effective, versatile, and powerful program that Sagatec felt sure would outperform
    any competitor.

    To be sure that their new word-processing program was accurately documented, Sagatec asked the
    senior program designer to supervise writing the instruction manual. The result was a thorough,
    accurate and precise description of every detail of the program’s operation.

    When Sagatec began marketing its new word processor, cries for help flooded in from office workers
    who were so confused by the massive manual that they couldn’t even find out how to get started. Then
    several business journals reviewed the program and judged it “too complicated” and “difficult to learn.”
    After an impressive start, sales of the new word processing program plummeted.

    Sagatec eventually put out a new, clearly written training guide that led new users step by step through
    introductory exercises and told them how to find commands quickly. But the rewrite cost Sagatec $350,000,
    a year’s lead in the market, and its reputation for producing easy-to-use business software.