** 05/29 Note: turn this into an html file

Barry Hyman’s Problem Formulation Model:

1. Need Statement: recognizes and describes the need for a solution or improvement
    to an “unsatisfactory situation.”  It answers the questions, “what is wrong with
    the way things are currently? What is unsatisfactory about it? What negative effects
    does this situation cause?” You may need to do research and supply data to quantify
    the negative effects.
        
2. Goal Statement:  describes what the improved situation would look like once a solution
    has been implemented. The goal statement defines the scope of your search for a solution.
    At this point, do not describe your solution, only the goal that any proposed solution should
    achieve. The broader you make your goal, the more numerous and varied your solutions can be; a
    narrowly focused goal limits the number and variety of possible solutions.
        
3. Objectives: define measurable, specific outcomes that any feasible solution should optimize (aspects
    you can use to “grade” the effectiveness of the solution). Objectives provide you with ways to
    quantifiably measure how well any solution will solve the problem; ideally, they will allow you to
    compare multiple solutions and figure out which one is most effective (which one gets the highest score
    on meeting the objectives?).

4. Constraints: define the limits that any feasible solution must adhere to in order to be acceptable (pass/fail
    conditions, range limits, etc.). The key word here is must — constraints are the “go/no go” conditions that
    determine whether a solution is acceptable or not.  These often include budget and time limits, as well as legal,
    safety and other regulatory requirements.


--- --- --- --- ---


Applied to Communication Tasks

1. Understand the Need: consider what gave rise to the need to communicate. Does someone lack sufficient information to make
    a decision or take a position on an issue? Did someone request information? Is there some unsatisfactory situation that
    needs to be remedied by communicating with your audience? What specifically is unsatisfactory about it? Consider your audience. 

2. Establish a Goal: consider your purpose in writing. What do you want your reader to do, think, or know? Do you want your reader to
    make a decision? Change their opinion or behaviour? Follow a course of action? What is your desired outcome? And what form and style
    of communication will best lead to that outcome?

3. Define Objectives: consider the specifics of your message and your audience to determine what criteria you should meet. What form should
    it take? What content elements will you need to include? What kind of research will be required? What information does your audience
    want/need? What do they already know?

4. Identify Constraints: what are the pass/fail conditions of this document?  Consider your rhetorical situation. What conditions exist that
    present barriers or challenges to communication? How can you address them?
        ex.1. How much time is your audience willing to spend on this? How long can you make your document or presentation? (word length/time limit)
        ex.2. What format and style do they require? Is there a Style Guide you must follow? A template you can use?
        ex.3. How much time do you have to create it?  Do you have a deadline? (due date)
        ex.4. Are there requirements for using sources? (academic integrity rules)


--- --- --- --- ---


Other Notes
    * Consider what your audience's purpose may be for reading your document.
        - How can you help them achieve their goal?
    * Remember your document may be filed away and read again years later. Consider the needs/purposes of future audiences, as well.